My family came to live in Australia from Britain 10 years ago.
I was only four then, so I do not remember what it was like in Britain.
But my mum says that it rained a lot.
First, we lived in Sydney.
Our garden was beautiful.
There were lots of trees with yellow flowers.
I remember the picnics that we had there.
My mum made salads with cold beef.
And we also ate sweet Australian grapes.
The big problem with the picnics was the ants.
As soon as we started to eat, they arrived.
We all tried to brush them off, but it was no good.
They got everywhere.
Ants were a problem at the next place that we lived in too.
This time it was in Central Australia.
It was very hot there, and there were a lot of flies.
Also, my mum was always worried about the sun and made us stay inside a lot.
We did not stay there very long.
I was 10 when we moved back to Sydney, and we are still here.
I like the place that we live in now.
Although I do not like ants, I think they are better than flies.